# Recipe-Space
 Our meal planning webapp recipespace.app Help(s) college students/people starting out  Who want inexpensive recipes with easy to get ingredients By removing the hassle of searching several grocery stores And simplifying recipe and ingredient acquisition  Unlike Hello Fresh, Supercook, Google Search.
 
 
 Adult life brings many challenges to individuals starting out. Young adults often have to sacrifice their desire to make their own food. Many young adults want to be able to cook, but end up relying mainly on the same few dishes, premade meals, and takeout, despite its obvious problems. They want to build up a cooking repertoire, but it takes too much time to plan new meals, nor do they know how to. They hate wasting food, and so they avoid grocery shopping until they need it. However, premade and takeout foods tend to be more expensive, less healthy, and less appetizing than home cooked ones, but these young adults are often too busy to try cooking a new recipe.
           	We, Gourab, Mark, Andrew, and Frederick, created a webapp called RecipeSpace to give young adults the freedom to plan and make their own meals easily. It is an easy-to-browse database of simple recipes where users can quickly scroll through several recipe overviews, see what they would cost to make, and bookmark ones that appeal to them. They can also filter recipes based on ingredients on hand. Finally, RecipeSpace can also generate a shopping list from the recipes they bookmarked and even export the list to Shipt and Instacart so they don’t even have to go to the store! In all, we designed RecipeSpace to serve these young adults to value their time and money as best as possible.
           	We plan to generate revenue for this webapp by having free and premium users, where the shopping list-based features will be locked behind a $7.99/mo plan. The free users will still be able to browse recipes, select them, and review them later. They will be able to see the estimated cost for each recipe, but the app will not generate a list for them. The premium users will have full access to all the features of the app, and they can easily buy the correct amount of ingredients in seconds.
           	We believe that RecipeSpace will be successful because we would serve the needs of a large demographic. In most of our interviews, the young adult (whether a college student or not), said they wanted to be able to cook more regularly, but some reason was holding them back (it takes too much time to plan, hard to find recipes, don’t have confidence to cook, etc.). RecipeSpace addresses these reasons very well and enables these young adults to have home cooked meals in an increasingly modern world.
